Teacher:	Good morning. Today we're going to talk about our school trip to London. It's on Monday, 4th June. We're going to find out about eco-friendly ways to travel around the city.
Student B:	How are we going to do that?
Teacher:	By travelling on different vehicles. First, we're going to take the train to London. At Euston Station, we'll meet a train worker and find out how eco-friendly trains are.
Student C:	What are we going to do after that?
Teacher:	We're going to travel on the underground. It's an excellent way to get around, so many 		people don't drive their cars into the city. They also don't pay the congestion charge.
Student A:	The congestion charge? What's that?
Teacher:	When a person drives a car, scooter, motorbike or lorry into Central London, they need to pay.
Student B:	Why?
Teacher:	Well, one reason is to prevent people from driving into the city. There are terrible traffic problems and there is air pollution in London. If people pay to drive into London, maybe they'll leave their cars at home and use public transport.
Student C:	What about buses? Do they need to pay the congestion charge, too?
Teacher:	No, buses don't pay because they carry a lot of passengers.
Student A:	Are we going to travel on any other form of transport?
Teacher:	Yes, we're going to take the Thames Cable Car across the River Thames.
Student B:	Is the Thames Cable Car eco-friendly?
Teacher:	Yes, it is. It uses electricity. There are 34 cable cars and they can carry 2,500 passengers every hour. People can take their bikes on it, too. Then they can continue their journey in an eco-friendly way.
Student A:	Do many people ride bikes in London?
Teacher:	Yes, they do. In fact, about one sixth of the vehicles on the roads are bikes. There are many places to hire bikes around the city.
Student B:	If London didn't have a congestion charge, it would probably be too dangerous to ride a bike there.
Teacher:	That's right. Before the congestion charge, the roads were very busy and dangerous.
Student C:	Are we going to hire bikes, too?
Teacher:	Sorry. Not on this trip. But I'm sure you'll enjoy the ride on the Thames Cable Car.
Student A:	This trip is going to be fun! 
