Ryan:	Hi, Ellie. You called me earlier.
Ellie:	Ryan! I'm glad you called back. Guess what – I've got a copy of our Year 9 timetable for next year. I can tell you right now that we'll have computer subjects every day. ICT will be three times a week and computer design twice a week. That will make you happy!
Ryan:	That's great! Any new subjects? 
Ellie:	Well, there's chemistry ... oh, and careers guidance. That will be helpful.
Ryan:	Is the timetable very different from Year 8?
Ellie:	Not really. Next year is almost the same as this year. 
Ryan:	Yeah ... school never seems to change much. But I think in some countries things are different.  Apparently, in Japan there are robot teachers in some schools. And in some countries, they study some subjects online. I think schools will change here too. Imagine 50 years from now, do you think students will go to school?
Ellie:	Mmm ... if they do, it won't be every day. They'll study a lot of things at home on the computer.  
Ryan:	You're probably right. Students will spend most of their time at home. What subjects do you think they'll study?
Ellie:	I'm not sure but I think they'll study a lot of computer subjects. Not just what we learn today. I think everyone will learn computer programming. What about languages? What languages will they learn?
Ryan:	If you ask me, it will be Chinese! It's a huge country and it's become really important. My sister is in primary school and she's learning Chinese! 
Ellie:	I bet it's really hard to learn. Do you think the Chinese find English difficult?  
Ryan:	I'm sure they do and they've got more students in a class than we have here in the UK. In China, there are around 38 students in every class! Imagine trying to learn a language with so many kids in the class!  How big do you think classes will be in 50 years' time?
Ellie:	Not as big as classes today. I think smaller classes will make it a lot easier to learn things.  
Ryan:	Maybe – but I think I'll stay in the present. I don't like the idea of studying online, I'm not interested in having robots for teachers and I don't want to learn Chinese! 
