Presenter: Hello and welcome. In this week's edition of Consumer First, Sarah Bennett is going to tell us what British households spend their money on. Sarah?
Sarah: 	Hello. Yes, we had members of the public fill in a survey about their spending habits. Our findings were published last week. Some of the information is quite surprising.
Presenter: So what products do we spend most of our money on, Sarah?
Sarah: 	Most of our money is spent on housing and energy - things like electricity or gas. Then a smaller amount is spent on transport, free-time activities and culture.
Presenter: Culture?
Sarah: 	Yes, things like going to the cinema, the theatre or a concert.
Presenter: What did you find surprising in the report? Sarah: Well, on average a British household spends more on lottery tickets and bingo than they spend on culture. Last year, around £3.20 was spent per week on gambling compared with £2.60 spent on purchasing cinema, theatre or concert tickets. Even families with small budgets spend money on lottery tickets. It's surprising.
Presenter: What else do British people spend their money on?
Sarah: 	Cakes and biscuits!
Presenter: Really?
Sarah: 	An average of £3.60 per week was spent on sweet snacks, compared to £3.20 spent on fresh fruit and healthy snacks. 
Presenter: Oh, that's not very good, is it?
Sarah: 	No, it's worrying.
Presenter: What about take-away food? Most of my children's pocket money is wasted on chips or burgers.
Sarah: 	On average, a home spends £3.20 on take-away food every week.
Presenter: Sweet snacks and take-aways. It's no wonder Britain has been called an unhealthy nation.
Sarah: 	Exactly. On the bright side, we do spend more on pets than on take-aways - about £4.60 a week.
Presenter: That doesn't surprise me. We are a country of animal lovers. What about mobile phones?
Sarah: Well, the average London household spends £13.20 a week on mobile phones.
Presenter: What else was interesting in the report?
Sarah: 	Well, British people are very generous. In the average household, donations of around £2.70 a week are made to charity organisations like Save the Children. Our awareness of charities and their work has increased a lot in recent years.
Presenter: Well, let's end on that positive note. Thank you, Sarah.
Sarah: 	Thank you. 
