TV host:	Good afternoon, and welcome to Teen Challenge. This week, we've got Helen and Jason on the red team, and Sophie and Glen on the blue team. Today's theme is inventions. You know the rules of the challenge and I suggest that you think carefully before answering. So let's start with the red team, Helen and Jason. When was the fridge invented - in 1834, 1890 or 1908?
Helen:	Oooh, I'm really not sure. I'll make a guess and say 1890.
TV host:	I'm sorry, Helen. The correct answer is 1834 and the inventor was an American, Jacob Perkins. And now, over to the blue team. Who invented the television? Was it Thomas Edison, John Logie Baird or Benjamin Franklin?
Sophie:	I know. It was definitely John Logie Baird.
TV host:	Great! The Scottish engineer John Logie Baird invented the television in 1924. Now, back to the red team. When was the electric shaver invented - 1918, 1928 or 1938? 
Jason:	I can't say for sure. 1928?
TV host:	That's right, Jason - good guess! It was invented by another American - Jacob Schick. A hundred points to the red team. Over to the blues! British computer scientist Tim Berners-Lee came up with the idea for the World Wide Web while he was working in Switzerland. Berners-Lee recently said that the future of the web would be so much bigger than the past. But my question is about the past. In what year was the World Wide Web invented? Was it in 1970, 1980 or 1990?
Glen:	I can't be certain, but I'd say that it was in 1970.
TV host:	I'm sorry, Glen, but the answer is 1990. Back to the red team. What did Alexander Graham Bell invent - the telephone, the vacuum cleaner or the air conditioner?
Helen:	Well, I don't think it was the vacuum cleaner. Perhaps it was the telephone? 
TV host:	Yes, that's right - in 1876 he took out a patent for his invention - another hundred points for the red team. Over to the blues - who invented the hairdryer?
Sophie:	Oh, it's on the tip of my tongue. Let me think ... wasn't it Alexandre Godefroy? He was from France, wasn't he?
TV Host:	That's right. He invented the hairdryer in 1890. Good for you! Sophie, do you happen to know how people dried their hair before Godefroy invented the hairdryer?
Sophie :	I have no idea.
TV Host:	Some people used a vacuum cleaner to dry their hair! On to our next question ... 
