Interviewer:	Welcome to Amazing People. With us today is Jane Roberts, a science professor, and she has chosen to talk about the famous scientist and inventor, Thomas Edison. Professor Roberts, you told me earlier that you had a personal reason for choosing Edison.
Jane: 	Well, Edison actually helped me with my first science project. The project wasn't going well and I wanted to stop. My mum thought I should keep trying. So she told me that Edison had once said that the most certain way to succeed was always to try just one more time. I did, and I won first prize for my project!  
Interviewer:	That really is a lovely story. I've always connected Edison with the invention of the light bulb, but I don't know much about him. He was American, wasn't he?
Jane:	Yes, he was born in 1847 in the state of Ohio. He began inventing when he was very young, and by the time he was 40 years old, he was considered the best-known American in the world! 
Interviewer:	That's quite an achievement! How did he become so famous?
Jane:	When he left school, Edison went to work on the railways. He worked on trains and he learned how to use the telegraph. In those days, people used the telegraph to send messages over long distances. However, when Edison started working, the machine was quite simple and people could only send one message at a time. Soon, he improved the telegraph by inventing a revolutionary way to send two messages at the same time. That was the beginning of his success.
Interviewer:	Very interesting. What else did Edison do?
Jane:	Earlier, you asked me whether Edison had invented the light bulb. The truth is that he didn't invent it, but his ingenious improvements made the light bulb safer and less expensive. This meant that more people could use electricity. As a result, Edison created the world's first power station. Then, he invented the phonograph - for the first time, people could record sound and music. At the time, many people didn't believe it was possible and they thought his phonograph was an illusion. Oh - and Edison also invented the kinetoscope. He made it possible for people to watch films. 
Interviewer:	Edison really was an extraordinary person. I'm afraid we have to stop for a commercial break ... 
