Mr Ross:	Hi, Charlotte. What are you reading?
Charlotte:	Hi, Mr Ross! I'm looking through these tourist brochures about things to see and do in Yorkshire. My family will be spending our holiday there.
Mr Ross:	It's a beautiful place. I grew up there and I love it! Are you planning the itinerary? How are you going to travel around? The train system is very good in that area.
Charlotte:	Yes - we thought about travelling by train, but my parents have decided to hire a car. 
Mr Ross:	What will the weather be like? Have you checked the weather forecast? It can be quite rainy there.
Charlotte:	Yes, I've checked it and it actually looks like it'll be warm and sunny, but we'll be prepared for rain too.
Mr Ross:	You're lucky! Where are you going to stay? It can be difficult to make reservations for a hotel at this time of the year.
Charlotte:	We thought about staying in a hotel, but we'll be staying in a small house on a farm. It'll be quieter than a hotel.
Mr Ross:	Sounds good. I hope you'll spend time in York.
Charlotte:	Of course! I love walking around those narrow streets in the old city! And I've already booked tickets online for that great museum about Viking history. What's it called? Oh yeah. The Jorvik. There's actually going to be a Viking festival all around the city while we're there. It's held every year and it's the largest of its kind in Europe. There'll be lots of interesting events and people dressed up in Viking costumes. 
Mr Ross:	Yes, I've been to the festival. It's amazing. What about York Minster? Have you ever been there?
Charlotte:	I've seen it from the outside. Wait! There's a brochure here. Let's see what it says … Wow! Did you know that it's the largest Gothic cathedral in northern Europe? 
And there are great views from the top of the central tower. There's just one small problem … you must climb 275 stairs to get to the top! But I'll do it anyway!
Mr Ross:	I think you should! When are you leaving?
Charlotte:	We wanted to leave on Monday, but in the end, we're setting off on Tuesday. Oh, here's my bus. 
Mr Ross:	Have a great time, Charlotte!
Charlotte:	Thanks, Mr Ross.  
