Boy:	Have you heard? Jake's in trouble again.
Girl:	Jake? What's he done now?
Boy:	A policeman saw him with a can of paint and a paintbrush in his hand.
Girl:	He was holding a can of paint and a paintbrush! So what's wrong with that? Holding a can of paint and a paintbrush isn't exactly a crime.
Boy:	It is for Jake - he was given a CPI three months ago.
Girl:	A CPI? What's that?
Boy:	Haven't you heard of CPIs? It's an abbreviation for Crime Prevention Injunction - it's a type of warning from the court that helps prevent crimes before they happen.
Girl:	OK. So, the court gives this warning, but who is it given to?
Boy:	If you're caught causing problems for members of your community, you'll get it. Like - you can be given a CPI for painting graffiti or for making too much noise late at night.
Girl:	Are people sent to prison when they get a CPI?
Boy:	No, like I said, it's a type of warning. For example, if you cause damage in a certain part of town, you might be forbidden to go back to that area for a certain period of time.
Girl:	And what happens if you go back there?
Boy:	If you're caught, you could be sent to prison!
Girl:	I see. So why is Jake in trouble? Why was he given a CPI?
Boy:	A few months ago, Jake was seen by a neighbour while he was painting graffiti on some walls in the town centre. Apparently, the neighbour called the police and Jake was arrested. He had to go to court and he was given a CPI by the judge. According to his CPI, he mustn't have any graffiti-related materials in his possession for the next two years.
Girl:	No graffiti-related materials for two years. OK.
Boy:	Yes, but you see, yesterday, Jake was on his way home after he had bought some paint and a paintbrush to decorate his room. He had some really bad luck! He was stopped by a policeman who recognised him and checked the conditions of his CPI.
Girl:	That's crazy! He wasn't painting graffiti!
Boy:	That's right, but he broke the law! The paint could be used for painting graffiti.
Girl:	What'll happen now? Will he be sent to prison?
Boy:	I don't know. He's waiting to find out. 
