Narrator:	You will hear five different people talking about student life at a university in a city in the north of England. For questions 19-23, choose from the list A-H what each speaker says. Use the letters only once. There are three extra letters which you do not need to use.

Speaker 1:
I wanted to come to this university because it has a good academic record and also because the city's nightlife has been voted the best in Britain. Unfortunately, I can't really afford to make the most of being here. Managing the cost of living on a grant or a student loan is really hard. There's the tuition fees, paying for accommodation and food, not to mention books - that doesn't leave much for a social life. To be honest, I don't know how I'm going to make it through the year, financially.

Speaker 2:
I'm really glad I came here. This place is so alive culturally. There's always something going on, either on the university campus or in the city. Whether you're in the mood for dancing the night away, watching a play or if you just want to go out for a nice meal, you're really spoilt for choice ... if you can afford it, of course. That's always an issue, isn't it? I worked full-time over the summer holidays before coming here to study and I managed to save quite a lot, so it hasn't been a problem for me. But some of my friends are already in debt.

Speaker 3:
I feel I've made a good choice coming to study in the north of England. I'm sharing quite a nice place with four other students, and for half the price I'd be paying in London. And it's not just accommodation that's cheaper. I've been pleasantly surprised to find that just about everything is better value here. I spend most of my time on campus, though. people say it's worth going into the city for the nightlife but from what I've seen of the town centre, it's really nothing more than a lot of cheap-looking bars and clubs. Not much there of interest to me, I'm afraid.

Speaker 4:
My parents live quite close to the university, so I chose to live at home. that has saved me a lot of money and makes studying easier because there are fewer distractions. It's all right as long as you make sure you socialise with other students and get to know people, which can be hard to do because you're not on campus with everyone else all the time. What it means is I've sometimes had to really force myself to go out - on cold, winter nights for example - but it's been worth it. After all, university is supposed to be about making friends too.

Speaker 5:
During my time here, I've really made an effort to become involved. I've helped out on several open days, giving information to visitors to the university, and I've volunteered to let local schoolchildren follow me around for a day on campus. That way, they can get an idea about what it's like to be a student here. It's been lots of fun! I never get bored. And as far as student clubs and societies are concerned, there really is something to suit all interests, whether it's skydiving or politics. For me, it's skydiving, and doing it through the university means it costs a lot less. 
