Speaker 1
Everyone laughed when I suggested getting Grandpa a smartphone for his birthday. They said it would be a waste of money because he would never learn how to use all the functions. No one could quite imagine him playing games or listening to music on the phone, but in the end my parents agreed to give it a try. Then yesterday afternoon, Grandpa took out his phone and began taking photos of all the grandchildren. And he proudly showed us some beautiful photos he'd shot the day before while walking along the beach with a friend. I was so glad my parents had listened to me because he was having a wonderful time with it.

Speaker 2
I never know what to get boys for their birthdays. Gadgets are too expensive, and most guys already have all the gadgets they could ever want. Aftershave? How do I know what kind of aftershave Harold uses? So off I went to the shopping centre, prepared for a long afternoon of searching. At one shop I looked at some shirts, but none of them looked suitable for a present. I was about to leave the shop when I saw some lovely warm hats, the kind you pull over your ears - and it looked like just the right thing, trendy but also practical. So I ended up buying something at the first shop I went to.

Speaker 3
We were having our holiday dinner at Aunt Jemma's, so we had to think of a present to take along. I found a vase made of green glass. It was quite beautiful, and the price was good, so I bought it for her. That was a couple of years ago ... then last night there was another family event - Aunt Penny and Uncle Ian had just bought a new flat and were having a housewarming party. Everyone brought something for the house, and Penny and Ian decided to open the presents - they were so excited. When it came time to open Aunt Jemma's present, there it was - the vase we had bought her!

Speaker 4
I decided that this Christmas I would get Melinda something really special - a beautiful white sweater which was quite expensive. We met for coffee - she was a bit late and I was already waiting at the table, present in hand, when she walked in. She took off her coat and sat down, and I couldn't believe it. She was wearing exactly the same sweater that I had bought her. On the one hand, I felt disappointed because she would have to go and exchange it, and of course then it wouldn't be the present I'd chosen for her. On the other hand, I knew I'd found something she would have loved, since she'd already chosen it herself!

Speaker 5
I often end up buying my daughter clothes for her birthday because she always needs them. Unfortunately, she hates shopping, so I go to the shops alone and it's agony trying to find something I think she'll like when she's not with me! It's such hard work, and I still never know if I'm getting the right thing - its all guessing. This year, though, when she asked for jeans, I immediately announced that I wasn't about to get her jeans on my own. How could I possibly choose them for her? So this time, she came with me and it was much easier. We had a nice time together and we went for coffee afterwards as well! 
