Speaker 1
I can't believe it! I lost my disk on key! It has all my work for the entire year, and I didn't save the files anywhere else! The worst part is that for three weeks, I've been working on a history project with other students from my class, and I've lost all that information too. Everyone thought I was so organised, so I was keeping all the files, and no one else has a copy. They're going to be so angry with me! We're supposed to give a presentation tomorrow and I don't know what we'll do. I've got to ring them now and try to figure something out.

Speaker 2
Last year, I decided that I wanted to learn Chinese. The problem is that I live in a small town in Scotland and there wasn't anyone around who could teach me. I looked round on the Internet and found a program for learning languages online. The program had both video and audio, so I could see and hear my teacher. There were two other students in the class - one in France and another in Belgium. The class was every Monday at 7 pm. It was probably the middle of the night in China! It wasn't the same as being there in person, but I quite liked it even so. I'm planning to travel to China next summer to try out what I learned.

Speaker 3
Back in primary school, our teacher used to post our assignments on the school website. It was brilliant because if I forgot to write an assignment down, I could always check online. Well, in my secondary school, it's another story. Of course there's still a school website, but teachers don't post assignments there. They expect us to write them down in our planners. They say it's about taking more responsibility. Now I have to call my friends when I can't remember what the homework is. It doesn't seem like a big improvement!

Speaker 4
Just yesterday my friend Gillian was caught plagiarising. Apparently she'd copied part of her essay word for word from a website. Mr Frost, our teacher, ran all of our papers through a computer program that matches student essays with articles on the web, and he found it that way. I was quite surprised that Gillian would do something like that because she's an excellent student. Gillian said that there was no name next to the article so she thought it was fine to copy it. A lot of the other students thought Gillian was right, but Mr Frost said it was just as bad as texting your friend the answer to a test question. Since some kids were confused, now we've got to sit through a workshop on plagiarism.

Speaker 5
Our class is writing to people at a retirement home in Brookstown. My pen-pal's name is Shelly Walton and she's 73 years old. We e-mail each other every couple of weeks. I wasn't so excited about writing to an elderly person but I've learned some interesting things from her. Last week, I sent her a picture of me playing basketball and I asked her what sports she used to play at school. It turned out that she never played any sport because at her school it wasn't available for girls! I never knew that. She explained how the laws had changed over the years, and schools had to give girls more opportunities. I'm glad I'm a student now and not 60 years ago! 
