Narrator:	You will hear part of an interview with Lynda Bryant, producer of a special kind of reality TV show. For questions 24-30, choose the best answer (A, B or C).
Interviewer:	On today's programme, our guest is the television producer Lynda Bryant, and we're going to talk to her about the rise in popularity of reality TV - of the historical kind. Welcome, Lynda.
Lynda:	Thank you.
Interviewer:	First of all, Lynda, can you explain to our listeners what we mean exactly by reality TV that's historical?
Lynda:	Yes, well let's take the basic idea of reality TV. We put real people in an unusual situation and film the results. You know, how they react and cope with their new surroundings. Most people are familiar with this format through the success of programmes like Big Brother, where cameras follow a group of strangers who are living together for a few weeks in a house which they can't leave. When we add the element of history to a reality show, there's a difference - the people taking part must live as they would have done in the past, say 100 years ago. The television people at Britain's Channel 4 originally came up with the idea as a means of celebrating the millennium, by showing how much our lives have changed in a century.
Interviewer:	So the participants had to dress up in old-fashioned clothes?
Lynda:	Yes, in the fashions of the period 200 years ago. But there's a lot more to it than that. For example, the very first programme of this kind was called The 1900 House. The show's participants were taken to a house that had been reconstructed exactly like a home in the year 1900. A team of historical experts made sure that all the details were accurate, such as using toothbrushes made of pig's hair and soap instead of shampoo. And, of course, there was no electricity or central heating.
Interviewer:	Not an easy experience at all! And how long were they supposed to live like that?
Lynda:	Well, the experiment lasted three months and it was decided that they had to be a family, rather than people who didn't know each other, you know, like they are in Big Brother series. The children in the family were aged 9, 11 and 17. Two of them - twin girls - were taken out of school to help take care of the house, just as they would have done if they'd been living at the time. Without today's technology, housekeeping was a full-time job.
Interviewer:	Really? So how did they all cope with that kind of lifestyle?
Lynda:	Surprisingly, they managed better than anyone had expected. They put up with having a bath only once a week and having to wash everything by hand. It was a hard life but great entertainment for viewers. They loved it! It was also a big hit in the US, and there was soon an American version, called Frontier House, with three American families living like pioneers in the 1880s, but this time for half a year, not three months. It was just as successful as The 1900 House and was even nominated for a television award.
Interviewer:	Fantastic! Channel 4 must have been delighted! Tell me, why do you think these programmes have been such big hits?
Lynda:	Well, I suppose it's because the viewers really get to know the families and they feel for them. They can see what they're going through, for example, how exhausted they are, how fed up and hungry they get. I think it made viewers reflect on their own lives and realise how lucky we are to be living in the 21st century with all the technology we've got to make our lives easier. To be honest, I'm over the moon with the success of these shows. You see, they're programmes people can enjoy but also learn from. They attract viewers who wouldn't normally watch historical documentaries because they find them too dull.
Interviewer:	But surely the success depends, to a great extent, on the people taking part, doesn't it?
Lynda:	Oh, absolutely! They have to be chosen very carefully. For a start, you need people with a genuine interest in history - not just people seeking fame, who want to be seen on TV and become celebrities. The participants also have to be in good physical shape. I mean really healthy. And mentally strong too, because of the hardships they're expected to cope with.
Interviewer:	Can you give us an example of what you mean?
Lynda:	Well, let's see. After The 1900 House, a show called The Manor House was made, based on life in the early 20th century. It was set in a large country house belonging to a rich family with servants. Now the people who lived the lives of the servants had to work 17 hours a day! And no matter how tired they were, they had to feed and clean up after their wealthy employers - the master and mistress of the house. Of course, the rich family just sat around doing nothing. And don't forget, in these programmes, there's usually no contact with the outside world. The set is isolated from modern life - something that I'd have a hard time dealing with but then ... 
