Peter:	Hello, I'm Peter Jones, and you're listening to The Morning Show. Our guest today is Veronica Wilson, who certainly has got an unusual job - she's a marriage proposal planner. Veronica, many of our listeners may not have heard of your profession. Could you tell us about it?
Veronica:	Certainly. My clients - who happen to almost always be men - want to create a very special marriage proposal, but they don't know how to do it. So that's where I come in. My job is to help them find the right time and place to say those four words - "Will you marry me?"
Peter:	And how do you help them do that?
Veronica:	Well, I like to get to know my clients - and even more so their girlfriends. It's important for me to know what kind of person she is, what her likes and dislikes are and what she likes to do in her free time. For example, if she's a very shy and private person, I wouldn't suggest proposing marriage to her in public.
Peter:	That makes sense. So what are some nice ways to propose marriage?
Veronica:	A couple could go for a walk on the beach, for example, and find the proposal written in the sand, or they'll be in a restaurant and musicians appear and play their favourite song. Or perhaps they'll go walking in the forest and find a picnic basket set out for them, with the girlfriend's favourite foods inside. Of course, I arrange all of that.
Peter:	Sounds very special.
Veronica:	It always is! And the couple never forgets the details, because a photographer is hiding nearby and filming it all. I also watch the proposal, by the way.
Peter:	How do most women feel when they find you planned the proposal?
Veronica:	They love it! In fact, I often get invited to the wedding.
Peter:	I know of cases of some men proposing to their girlfriends at sports events - for instance, arranging for the scoreboard to read, "Will you marry me?" Have you also arranged that kind of proposal?
Veronica:	Yes, but I don't recommend it. Too many things can go wrong. The girlfriend might miss seeing the message, for instance. And if the proposal is turned down, it's very embarrassing.
Peter:	Speaking of rejection, what happens if the proposal is rejected? Does the client get a refund?
Veronica:	Unfortunately, he doesn't. It's stated very clearly in the contract.
Peter:	So how much does all this cost?
Veronica:	I charge £250 to plan a strategy but the actual proposal could cost up to £5,000. I won't deny that it's expensive but I believe it's worth it. Women are touched that their boyfriends went to so much trouble.
Peter:	If you don't mind me saying, I think a simple proposal can also be very special. Do you have any advice for men who want to make a romantic yet simple proposal?
Veronica:	Make it a surprise - don't tell anyone! Be sure to get down on one knee, the traditional way. And have a plan for celebrating together afterwards.
Peter:	Veronica, I'm afraid we're out of time. Thanks for being on the show, and listeners, tune in tomorrow! 
