This is Bill Turnow coming to you live from Maybridge, New York. For those of you who are joining us just now, we're watching riders prepare for the Women's Classic Bike Race. This is a Category 1 race - the category with the most experienced and fastest racers. The women will ride a two-kilometre course through the streets of this beautiful town, and they'll go around it five times - ten kilometres in all. It's a difficult course, with a long uphill near the end of each lap.

Here's the volunteer support crew. These guys are professional bike repair people who are working for free today. They're checking the bikes one last time. Their job is to make sure the tyres are properly inflated, the wheels are aligned correctly, and the brakes work. You've got to appreciate these volunteers - their hard work makes the race a success.

As you can see, there's quite a crowd. It's no surprise to see so many people out here today - this is one of the most exciting sporting events of the summer.
That's Steve Morris right there - the one who's talking on his cellphone. The camera's coming in closer on him now. Steve is the owner of Chunky Chicken, a local restaurant chain, and he's one of the major sponsors of the race. Steve and his wife Melanie were both bike racers when they were younger. Now that they're successful businesspeople, they want to give back to the sport they love so much.

In case you were wondering, this is the ninth year of the Women's Classic. The race has become more popular every year.

Looks like the riders are ready to go now. They're coming into their starting positions. There are 30 riders in this race. The youngest woman this year is 20, the oldest - 43. Good luck, ladies!

They're getting ready, and ... they're off! Number 27 is taking the lead, in the yellow jersey. That's Marguerite Dumont, one of the French participants. She won three races in France last year. This is her first US competition.
Close behind her, in blue, is Sandra Smith. She's the hometown favourite, a local rider. She won the Women's Classic last year. She certainly won't be happy remaining in second place.

That's Annie Dell in third place - number 19. She has a good chance to win too - she starts out slowly, then puts on the speed at the end. She's been working hard to improve her times.

They're going around the turn now, riding awfully close to one another, and ... there's a crash at the back of the group! Two riders are down! Wait - they're getting up! They look OK, but they'll have a long way to go to catch up. Here comes the volunteer support team to check their bikes.

Marguerite Dumont and Sandra Smith are still in a tight race for the lead. The wind is picking up now, and that makes it harder to ride. Take a look at the women's faces as they struggle against the wind! But the leaders don't look like they're losing speed. Some of the weaker riders are falling back, though.

Wait - someone's coming up along the side. Who's this? It's number 51 - Kayla Willis. She's overtaking Annie Dell, now she's going past Sandra Smith, and now she's passed Marguerite Dumont to take the lead! Amazing! We still have a long way to go in this race, though, so we'll see if she has the endurance to hold her position. Kayla's a relative newcomer to the racing world - she's only been racing competitively for two years. We'll see how well she can do against the more experienced riders.

They're crossing the starting line again - they've gone one lap. They'll go four more times around the course, and then we'll see who is the Category 1 winner!
