Speaker 1		I like to wear clothes that are in style, and I try to dress like my friends do. I hate it when I show up somewhere and I look different. But, I always add my own personal touch, like an unusual scarf or earrings that I made myself. Sometimes I try to copy the look of my favourite pop stars. My friends tease me and call me a fashionista, but I can't help it.

Speaker 2		I buy most of my clothes at second-hand shops. I like it because everything is cheap, so I don't get stressed out when I decide later on that I don't like what I picked! I get brand names if I can because I know the items are high quality and made to last. Usually I take a friend along to help me avoid getting things that don't work for me. Shopping at these places takes more time than shopping in an ordinary shop, but it's worth the effort.

Speaker 3		At my school, everyone wears a uniform - long black trousers, a white shirt, and a red sweater with the school badge on it. Girls can also wear skirts. I'm totally against wearing uniforms because you can't really express yourself. We all look like copies of each other - what's great about that? Wearing uniforms is supposed to stop bullying, but I don't see any evidence that it's true. And uniforms aren't cheap. I say, forget the uniforms, and let us wear what we want!

Speaker 4		I don't care that much about how I look. I just want to be comfortable! Most days, I wear sweatpants and a T-shirt. If it's cold, I put on a sweatshirt and I usually wear sports shoes - I'm in the basketball team and the athletics team - so I'm always ready for action. If I absolutely have to get dressed up, I have a few dresses in my cupboard, but I never, ever wear heels! I'm not against fashion exactly - it just doesn't fit into my lifestyle.

Speaker 5		When it comes to buying clothes, I like to go on my own. If I go with friends, they often convince me to get something just because it's the latest style. Then I'm sorry when I come home and see that what I bought doesn't even suit me. When I'm alone, I buy what I like and what I think looks good on me. But I don't mind helping my friends select clothes. 
