Melanie:	This is Melanie Fox, and I'm speaking to you from the port of Palmeira in Cape Verde Islands. I'm here with Luke Romero, who's just spent three weeks as a crew member on a 20-metre yacht, Love of the Sea. First of all, Luke, congratulations on your first sea voyage!
Luke:	Thank you! It's been a fantastic experience on a boat. After I finished university, I was travelling around the world, and I came to Las Palmas in the Canary Islands, off the coast of North Africa. In the port, I saw a noticeboard with ads written by people who wanted to take a boat trip and work their passage.
Melanie:	So I suppose you posted an ad too?
Luke:	I did, but no one responded. I started hanging around the port, and getting to know the different people there. That's how I met Anita and Mike Smith and their two teenage kids, Chloe and Dean. We had dinner together a few times, and they invited me to sail with them in exchange for working on the boat.
Melanie:	Luke, did you have any sailing experience before you left on this trip?
Luke:	Not really, but I had other skills that were useful on the boat. I'm an excellent cook, and I clean well. I used to clean people's homes and offices for extra income when I was a student.
Melanie:	So, if I understand you correctly, you got a free room on the ship in exchange for cooking and cleaning?
Luke:	No, I actually had to pay Mike and Anita €15 a day.
Melanie:	I'm not quite sure I understand - you had to pay in order to work?
Luke:	Well, in the sailing community, it's not unusual for a crew member to pay a small fee. Operating a boat costs a lot of money and in fact, Anita and Mike could have managed well without me. But they knew I was keen to travel and they got to relax a bit more since I was doing a lot of the work. We all benefited from it, I think.
Melanie:	Yes, it certainly sounds like it was a good deal for everyone. Now let's hear how you felt living on a boat. I've heard from many people it could be quite difficult, especially when the sea is rough.
Luke:	Yes, at first I felt very seasick, especially on the days when there was a lot of wind. I took some pills which helped and I think in time, my body just got used to the rhythm of the sea.
Melanie:	Were there other things you had to get used to in order to live on a boat?
Luke:	Sure. You have to be very tidy on a boat. If you take something out and use it, you have to put it back in its place right away. Mike was very particular about that! Fortunately, I'm a very organised person, so that wasn't hard for me. Also, you need to be careful not to use a drop of fresh water that you don't need. Most people don't realise how much water they waste.
Melanie:	Did you learn any sailing skills?
Luke:	Yes, Mike and Anita are enthusiastic skippers and enjoyed letting me into their world. I learned how to do a night watch - that is to see if the steering is good, look out for ships, and check our position on the chart. Oh, I also learned how to tie the knots and row the dinghy - the little boat you use in the harbour. I have to say, though, that the family didn't really need me - they were a very skilled crew.
Melanie:	Luke, how did you feel when you saw land after so many days at sea? Were you excited?
Luke:	I thought I would be, but it would have been fine to go on sailing. The boat had started to feel like home by then. In fact, I was even a little sad to end the trip.
Melanie:	What are your plans now?
Luke:	I'm going to fly back to Europe and go hiking in Scotland. Then it'll be back home to London before my next trip to Ireland.
Melanie:	That sounds fascinating. Luke, I hope the rest of your trip is wonderful!
Luke:	Thanks, Melanie!
Melanie:	That's all for today! For Channel 1, this is Melanie Fox! 
